 according to a total of 1884, the two-members of the british eight of the british were eight.
 the provisions of the convention, which will not be promulgated in or into national legislation, would allow the article to be implemented.
 the economic performance of the economic performance in both countries and outside the 1993 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that candidates should be included in the recruitment of the candidates.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of phase ii requires the establishment of grade grades as a basis for remuneration.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, some analysts believe that the price in these scenic areas may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping shopping and street stalls has reached the highest rate for 5 years.
 in the case of peace-keeping, it is most difficult to predict that the assumption that the assumptions are expected to have significant changes in the year.
 it is important to take care of the intentions of the state, rather than instrumental instruments.
 a spokesman for israel, a spokesman for israel, said that the occupying forces had to stay for long time.
 some people think that it might not be possible to do so if it is open to open and transparent consultations from the outset.
 this is a useful contribution to member states about the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the national non-governmental organizations of the namibian family was established in january 1996.
 states parties are most suitable for the most critical health issues affecting women affecting women in the country.
 it has exercised its own authority in the exercise of international treaties, and therefore it is a subject of a international law.
 although the activities are still limited, the size of the future space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do so.
 adequate and predictable resources are needed.
 those who violate the law should be understood by the fact that the international community is the security council's decision and action.
 parents cannot be blamed, and the responsibility of the responsibilities to schools and teachers have been put to schools and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems, two of hong kong people are able to enjoy the results of the system.
 the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the representatives of malaysia, will speak on behalf of the group of representatives of the group, and also on behalf of china.
 the government understands that the hos plans must be avoided in order to avoid competition in the private property market and to maintain the sales of the market.
 we look forward to the need for a thorough analysis of the strengthening of the united nations, with close consultations with the states concerned.
 in accordance with the annex i to the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive was elected by the election committee.
 if a person is concerned, the person must take at least appropriate attention to prevent the installation of the device.
 it has also established an international e-commerce network in the country in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate of the gross domestic product in 1996 decreased by 4.9<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 following the first visit to china's visit to china's visit to china's visit to china, the woman's visit to hong kong will be visited in october this year.
 the chilean government's deception of the new nuclear installations on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that military personnel costs are not compensable.
 the decision of such appointment shall be taken by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional groups.
 the difficulties in the economic and medium-economic problems of the two countries have been unable to make the organization's contribution to the organization.
 member of the panel, on the basis of the world trade organization on the basis of a period of transition to india and the united states.
 the warmth of the new year's grandmother's grandma is a student of a culture of europe.
 however, the committee noted that the service of state services is not an advantage.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of the education system in order to establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that it would be hoped that the internet should be allowed to register the bank's registration.
 mr tsang, in conclusion, expressed gratitude to the formation of the marine department of marine and other interested parties to assist the construction of the ships.
 okay, continue to look at other newss.
 at the same time, there is a need for a number of solutions to some of these groups.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warning took place at 10 a.m. in the morning, the hong kong city is gradually returning to normal.
 this is because of the fact that the draft convention was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to resolve these problems.
 the official language of the conference includes english, russian, french, spanish and spanish.
 in dealing with local transactions, hong kong and local non-financing clients were conducted by 16<unk> and 10 per cent respectively.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storeys for more multi-storeys.
 it is vital that there is a need to seek results, which is to be feasible in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was expressed for the humanitarian relief in humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has issued a decision on this issue, so that the chamber was left to france.
 the trend towards the economic progress of these countries has been disturbed to the promotion of economic progress and stability in social stability.
 a week is one or seven days.
 our socialist countries, through the united nations, has entered the world, and with interaction between the north and south.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprise and public participation in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role to promote the development of developing countries in the development of developing countries.
 " i do not know the sword, " he said.
 (15) there is an international perspective in both words and thinking.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 in china's ministry of agriculture, officials of china's ministry of agriculture stated that there was a high degree of avian flu.
 chile agreed that the peace-keeping deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force would have the stability of the united nations peacekeeping forces to prevent the misuse of conflicts.
 at this juncture, however, the coalition against terror must clearly recognize and acknowledge the enemy.
 i am extremely grateful to the executive authorities to engage a dialogue with different voices.
 a speaker on behalf of the african group was commended for the efforts made by unifem for an evaluation of responses.
 the chinese government intends to launch a final plan in early next year with the establishment of 13 coal bases in the country.
 at the end of this year, the tide of the tide of the tide and the tide of the tide was adopted by step.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit cards operating within the institution.
 in our country, the arab language is 2 official languages.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state party or the minister for foreign affairs of member states.
 the contents of the publication is enriched by the relevant statistical developments on many members of the public.
 the vast majority of member states have shown that they have given their views on an increase in the permanent membership of the council.
 customers may be purchased in six months after the issue of a special stamps issue.
 following the visit, the deputy secretary for education, mr stephen lai, also visited the deputy secretary for education, and other bureau officials.
 in 1971, hong kong's family has become a member of the foundation.
 it is not easy to determine the extent to which electorate and election activities can be done.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific states have declared the resumption of the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the service cost is $ 20 each.
 as a result of the bulldozers, there are still residents in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, as well as for humanitarian and peacekeepers.
 in fact, i would like to be belgium to go to the relevant people of the european parliament.
 at present, there have been rapid changes in the concept of national sovereignty, national security and the maintenance of peace and the maintenance of peace.
 this means to identify genuine responsibility to identify genuine responsibility for the damage to space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building processes to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 the bakers and the residence of the palestinian people have been damaged and the israeli army arrived.
 the structure of the text is more tightening, simplified, and more complex content.
 this continued long-term housing prices, but also the high priority of the government authorities and scholars and experts.
 he may need to take a halt, and consider how to take a look at my heart.
 we do not have the valuable advice of the scholars who have professional understanding of politics.
 as the saying goes, " it's not wrong. "
 if the big national party won't confirm, it is expected that the new millennium democratic party will be accelerated.
 in the past, the king's former front of the ching dynasty, such as the " 2 luk ", was refuted.
 the mainland is optimistic about the mainland's visit to taiwan, and local operators have expressed optimism.
 the most common aspect of the existence of functions is navigational and through the territorial waters of the territorial sea.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to be alerted for such fraud fraud as soon as possible.
 mr chan was officially elected the director-general of the world health organization, which became the first chinese chinese, as the first one of the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international covenants, the implementation of domestic law in accordance with the provisions of extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the general assembly adopted by the general assembly adopted by the general assembly adopted by the general assembly adopted by the general assembly adopted by the general assembly of the united nations.
 the committee commends the " slovenia's constitution ", in particular the human rights of women in particular.
 er, on this occasion, there was no way in the world.
 the non-discrimination principle is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process of history, and the process has begun in the past two years ago and in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of visits from the department's homepage rose significantly to nearly 60000 in november.
 such circumstances have occurred in the previous case or the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the matter in the near future.
 the results of the work of the commission must depend on the ability of its members and the relevant modes of its members.
 the letter of authorized registration must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as members of the public are aware, we do not think that we believe that " we think " is not important.
 in the country's generals, the international community has generally found the international community to terminate the problem of conflict.
 one of the requirements of users is an assessment of the damage caused by floods and infrastructure.
 the government is therefore the 1 step in the 1 step to promote the co-operation of the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist in the implementation of confidence-building measures by the three ministers in september and october.
 the minimum and the maximum limits of murder, explosions and the maximum limits of killings were added to 1<unk>3.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a shot.
 at the time of the analysis of the time-to-day waiting time, the applicants are generally available at three categories.
 this is one of the major causes of aids.
 the resurgence of human life, as an example, was a modern product.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in harmony and together to promote the development of different peoples of the world.
 in the case of food prices, i do not know what can be done in the weather in china.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production films, which will enable hong kong to develop a regional service centre in asia, " he said.
 i would like to understand that all people will understand that the real atmosphere of celebrated is the number of members that have finally taken 17 years.
 in terms of good health, the symptoms are mainly smaller than slightly.
 it is also appropriate for the work of the united nations agencies to cooperate with the relevant united nations agencies.
 in the face of the " product " products in the market, parents can make a comparison with one of the most suitable personal conditions.
 if the more double-digit figures, the consequences are very serious.
 those who are unable to receive the resettlement of viet nam and laos will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the system in 1999 has been operating in 1999 and the system has been improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing was essential in the wake of the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law provides for the freedom of travel and immigration to hong kong residents.
 it was also considered that this could form a precedent in which all types of vessels must be issued to all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government is aware of the question, the government will never know that the government will never know public opinions.
 as at august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong.
 so far, the air and landing of monuc has transported more than 30 tons of aid to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the introduction of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible until the opening of the opening of the border with egypt.
 madam president, in the event of the procession, the assembly is not the right of a small group. it is not too often a political demand.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the interview.
 14. recently, the corporate and foundations of the private sector has increased significantly in the global level of cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other views <unk> " in the stage of the audience.
 i am very excited.
 there are two identifications of identity cards, one of which is to be used to the population.
 as a result of time constraints, i have not been able to provide all the services.
 in britain's political development, it seems that the united kingdom will not help to solve the problem in hong kong.
 the model consists of the development of a model of prestitutional models and sequation models in the three persian gulf.
 of these, 9 percentage points of growth come from currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are being carried out in place where they are under control of the import and export of weapons.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of switzerland to make use of the financial system of switzerland.
 most of the job vacancies will apply for applications for certificates or places for graduates from $ 8 to $ 16000.
 details of the works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 as for the details of the functions of the commission, please see the " financial and capital markets ".
 it is to be hoped that in the near future, it was hoped that the country television television broadcasts in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society is the great complement and support of the commonwealth official.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is moving on the threhension of the threhension and prospects for future prospects.
 it is because mr leung wai-chuen has more time, so i have to give support to my support.
 observers for the latin american, africa and the americas of the americas believe that non-friend population is a minority in argentina.
 " in the next three years, we intend to conduct a survey of employers in the next three years.
 we are also not aware of the chinese version. it is very likely that hong kong officials are in hong kong as an excuse for the mainland.
 at new york, 21 and 22 may 2001.
 the model law, however, was developed by the model law (e.e., reliance on party and certification services).
 as a result, the gap between the capacity of the country programme is expected to be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the sar is warmly supported by the mainland as soon as possible.
 for example, in sub-saharan africa, there are only a telephone number of the population in sub-saharan africa.
 the press must respect the dignity and dignity of the staff and the institutions.
 the israeli authorities had also closed a number of days at the rafa crossing between the gaza strip and egypt.
 in view of the acceleration, it is therefore benefited for all departments to reduce the cost of transport.
 if chao cheng-chiu's printers, the artist's print-drivens, the artist's print-drivens, etc.
 3. 2. 2 is the knowledge of knowledge, there are knowledge and technology to come to hong kong.
 she wanted to do what you can do.
 to talk about taiwan's children's children, it is very difficult to look at the impact of the parents.
 the cost of the freight costs can be calculated at the cost of higher value.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing is invited to talk about it. explaining this relationship with the reconstruction zones.
 the advisory panel has entrusted a consultant to provide independent experts to encourage consultants to work on open and transparent manner.
 i do not have the eyes, but often hear of such reports.
 (a) interested companies are interested in the use of standard application application applications for the cyberport.
 in the movies, it's the story of " paual paleual, " says yang's story, " houman's " <unk> "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that about four years later.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central bodies, the proportion of women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff, of whom 1<unk>3 of the existing staff.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil their obligations to the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should have a channel for communication with the commission on human rights.
 if the 1 session of the draft resolution, as a co-sponsor of the draft resolution, will be created at the current session of the draft resolution.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 recently, the sfc has recently promised to report to a report on the status of hong kong financial centres in this year.
 the meeting was of the view that the mandate of the election is the privileges of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 visitors will also be able to return back to some people's modern civilizations.
 we set a great goal for hong kong's development as an international city in asia.
 on the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-chiu, and the fund management of the department of social welfare, will be distributed to all senior citizens to the elderly.
 mrs selina chow suggested that strengthening the use of " juveniles " would be strengthened by the honourable mrs selina chow.
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as to the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that the argument is in fact.
 in shanghai, shanghai's import and export company is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 in hong kong, hong kong ships will be able to make sure that the owners of the ships can be determined by a commercial decision.
 to help the government and people of sierra leone have been a priority of the peace process after the eight-year civil war.
 according to he said, history has just been repeated.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has demonstrated the economic and economic development of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the terms of reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which international support would be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners need to do many work, reducing tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had always been very active in its duties.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> the chief executive officer of the directorate will be director of the information services department on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dances watched the gods, and then put up the audience.
 the worst in the social sphere of the united nations is most worrying.
 as a result, the doctor has been admitted to the hospital that the child had already been infected with little disease.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of the type of yip's paintings, the team will be able to take a look at it.
 it is the aim of peace-building to the 3 parties, peace-building, so that ethiopia will no longer war.
 the fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce a bill to the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not allow the people of the past to put them into the future.
 we should not forget that these are public funds, and there is no way to waste.
 on the other hand, local universities in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently been present to the residents of the population.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent to the prosecutor or the person to these written statements.
 qin said james soong said that james soong arrived at xi'an's xi'an 1 station on may 5.
 the committee also notes that the additional information was provided during the consideration of the reporting period and later.
 a major train explosion occurred on the 22 of the north korean palace station.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include a wide-ranging briefing to the representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 at the time of this time, the people of hong kong have encouraged the people of hong kong, and i really do not agree.
 however, international trafficking has also included other fields, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i am not a member, but i often hear the spirit of the spirit of love.
 therefore, in the establishment of the sar government, it fears that only the chinese government would be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have partially implementing its provisions on mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america increased by 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.3 million, but also to 20000 in the first four years.
 in 2004, the united states export and export bank provided funding for us$ 17800000000 in the united states.
 a two informal ministerial meeting will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june on thursday.
 at the present time, the government is considering the possibility of introducing a legal action to introduce pollution of the old site.
 the proposal is proposed to establish 36 posts in the office of operations, and 18 posts are paid by the support account, and 18 posts are payable by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, the " 3 road " is the main reference to the government of chen shui-bian's government ".
 right, with regard to the double-edged swords, we have zhang charts, eh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased on a daily basis to inspect the number of passengers on the spots on the spot.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only write to the constitution, but also written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that at 09:30 p.m., the meeting was 2105 rooms in the us congress building.
 the record shall be set up for 3 years after the final notes.
 china has made a reduction of over 20000000 people.
 the large number of bangkok people are in the world's regional centre in bangkok.
 we fully support the statement made by the representatives of the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxi taxis may be able to get uploading and drop-offs in the carpark road near ming ming road.
 the transfer of the united nations transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure between sovereign states and the transfer of arms between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline the prospects for economic growth and the prospects for business prospects.
 it requires social consensus. "
 such penalties are applicable only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also those who have not granted refugee status.
 whenever i was a child, i was very serious, and i was very serious, and it is a very serious input.
 the international seminar on human rights and the rights of the people also participated in the international seminar.
 the scope of gender differences and inequalities affecting the accumulated process affecting the risk of risk.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biological-based engineering centre and the environmental protection agency, these technical applications have potentially reached us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is of particular concern to the elderly.
 " in east asia, the financial surplus of the east asian region should also be put in place. "
 swd has already contacted chen ting-ling's family to provide psychological counselling.
 the total cost of the state burdens is about 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy of the post-cold-war era.
 it appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 there is almost no place to accommodate these people, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces should be invited to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of recruitment, remuneration, training and management of the police, they are equally applicable to prison staff.
 " the inspection also found that a bridge is sufficient to meet the traffic, public utility facilities and other elements. "
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or being included in some international conventions.
 the home affairs department is located in the home affairs department and the house.
 all helicopters are envisaged to be deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i hope hong kong will always be a brighter of sunshing and rainy, and our happiness will be happy and happy.
 for a long time, there has been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong.
 we therefore stress the fact that the nuclear-test-ban treaty will be concluded in 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet service in the united states has only maintained the ratio of a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform and reform of the country, small and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contributions to the strategic and social stability of the country.
 in my country because of the warm warming of climate warming and, we will be able to get up to five or 60 cents.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can take the present hall in this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian to renounce the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed to include a uniform travel document on the part of the states of the region.
 there is a good friend of friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the work of workers, employment, employment and other problems have been caused by hong kong for some time.
 " even if it enters into taiwan, you should not abandon the " opera ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its practical roles.
 as a result, there was a significant increase in the inflation rate in last year.
 that is to say, we will not want to make the right to use drug and antibiocy school graduates in hong kong.
 the current age of these greek cypriots is 66 years old.
 the company's economic experts also raised the same as the same project.
 the project could also allow more public aware of the desirableness of cultural diversity and the maintenance of such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the above-mentioned detention assets are carried out on the basis of the code of procedure of the code of criminal procedure.
 it is thus clear that the students are not allowed to be able to do so.
 the provision of basic medical supplies in the country's primary health facilities are provided in accordance with the provision of basic medical supplies in the country.
 the scheme is not only a redistribution.
 as a result of this subject, the conference sought to remind people to be killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 when i went to the island, there have been a number of crafts to be purchased.
 motorists are urged to conduct instructions and follow the command of police officers at the scene.
 as a result, it was surprising that, since the previous legal adviser had been subjected to the lack of legitimate conduct of the payment of payments to defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social security or personal scope of the existing social security system.
 the amputation of their life-long marks, which affect their activities, will affect their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries had decreased.
 after the implementation of this scheme, many colleagues are expected to have a journey on lifelong learning.
 he said that he was subsequently concealed, after his father filed a complaint, the officials of the ministry of the interior was reportedly transferred to his family.
 other members of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities increased by low-level services.
 the project showed that, at the present time, small-and medium-sized enterprises funding are based on policy experience and performance by small enterprises.
 just now, mrs miriam lau said it is the " youth charter ".
 they were arrested for conspiracy to deceive the woman's money.
 they should be open on the basis of the development of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic and gradual market liberalization.
 from the international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states this time to iraq.
 the real development concept should include full respect for all universal universal human rights.
 the state practice shows that the length of the right to choose the duration of the right to choose.
 the islamic state of afghanistan earnestly looked forward to the security council for its consideration of the agenda of its consideration and would also be re-examined.
 countries have been able to achieve a substantial reduction in the population living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis caused a retrogression.
 as a result, countries of some countries had not been able to obtain funds.
 recognizes the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 " the security council expresses its deep concern over the deterioration of the situation and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department will be closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, efforts should be made to achieve the goal of a multi-ethnic people.
 " the development, manufacture and marketing of human beings, and many of the world's famous worlds of the world.
 the veterinary officer also arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with bird flu. "
 the secretariat's analysis of a number of missions are verified by a number of missions, verifying the self-sustaining rate.
 if the floods in the new territories are to resolve the flood problem in the new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river.
 capitalism, without legal and ethicist capitalism, often create drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen chun-ch's 1 works, and chen chien-ch's first works for his work.
 the one-way-the-old one-way period from the two-way permit can be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report provides a full-scale approach to the deteriorating economic situation in the palestinian territories.
 <unk> not to take a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group and international human rights services, the working group and the international human rights service, was addressed in 1997 to address these issues.
 a total of 7 targeted units were raided in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 the contracting authority, therefore, would be desirable to consider changes in controlling the need for control.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries, and the economic growth of countries with economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, there were more than 800 persons who have been reported to have been killed by armed elements of the communist party (japan) by armed elements.
 in accordance with article 22 of the law, " <unk> amp; quot; <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 mr president, the problem will be solved after coming next year.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 children were killed in armed conflict and more than 600 million have left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this has also been helpful in the development of ecotourism. "
 basically, it is a physical commitment to the government's development in the north-west area.
 as a result of the failure to make improvements or impact, the department will notify the swd.
 the spread of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the world's most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a value of $ 688000000, with a value of $ 688000000 for construction.
 i refer to hong kong legislation to refer to the provisions of the basic law.
 thirdly, in the field of non-traditional security.
 the majority of the major sectors of the major sectors and underemployment conditions remained stable in june this year.
 i believe that this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, we can make more people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the drafting of the international convention on the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the construction of the plant and industry, will effectively implement the protection scheme.
 the letter does not have to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, but only the results of the contrary.
 we firmly believe, however, that the secretary-general contains a correct framework for the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of poverty and relative numbers are rising.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darfur conflict was a dispute between hermads in the area of crops in the area of crops.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the future development of the fire services bureau and the open space of open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details of the details will also provide studies on the provision of education for the upgrading of language skills.
 when chen was sitting in the speculous winds and from time to time, chen is a wave of spectacularly.
 as a matter of fact, the bill of the garrison law and the current practice of the garrison act is almost similar.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of a resource centre for the establishment of a centre for the establishment of the centre is not encouraging to defend themselves.
 the chairman of the joint conference and the chairman of the joint conference would be very useful and will take follow-up action.
 in addition, we will also prepare for the review of the district boards in 2003.
 on the 1 avenue of 1 avenue, the secretariat of the 1 avenue is limited to the vehicle of the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 the village has been confronted by the village.
 the institute for human rights in el salvador is the result of the land transfer plan, which was established as a result of the land transfer plan.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to the posts.
 anyone who is the whereabouts of the girl, who is the girl-kin of the girl, urged to call mong kok police station at 2398 639.
 in 1997, the institute has designated a formal agreement to implement improving quality and improve productivity programmes.
 this morning, this morning, i would like to focus on two three issues in his speeches.
 to this end, attaching importance to education and the necessary means and means of education in the developing countries to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the military, and it also affirms that it is not the command of a factions.
 the field asset control system is an audit of the united nations accounting responsibility for the united nations, namely, at the end of the initial procurement period.
 but it is not possible.
 for security reasons, it is essential for the sake of security for the sake of protecting the environment, non-confidence, non-confidence, non-confidence, non-mission gas and no chemical.
 the treason has occurred in the common law system.
 worse still, it seems that the threat posed by the existence of nuclear weapons appears to be rooted in the face of many people.
 the village is all too scared.
 the armed conflict in darfur region began in february last year.
 the rights of the right to discrimination is the international protection of human rights, and, in particular, to be part of the system of pluralism.
 the procedure for the commission is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any document or addresses of the commission.
 but with the gradual recovery of the economy, we believe that hong kong's future will pick up again.
 the so-called choice is the choice of whether or not the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge for the long term.
 they tend to be resented.
 at that time, governor patten was continuing the preparatory work of the preparatory committee.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, 16 november 2001.
 it is possible, however, that only one of the accused had been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, have always been saddened by the loss of children, which is beyond the ethnic and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 were seized during the operation.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 these guidelines are contained in the websites of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they believe that the scientific doctrine of technology could not be used by scientific doctrines.
 while the member states requested to strengthen the field representative, the progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was explosiond in the vicinity of the mahavah market.
 senior officials attending the session of the session, as well as personal security guards, will be issued to special permits for the security and security of the united nations security service.
 information on the latest map and the image of new access has been prompted quickly to rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides a total of 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies, however, have undertaken mine-clearance activities in the mission.
 the royal government of cambodia expresses its protection and protection of the human rights of hiv <unk> aids.
 as a result, it would also like to go again to the housing department to ask the housing department for further examination.
 drop-out rates for secondary school girls are still higher than boys, and in secondary and university, boys and university, men and university.
 the anti-consistence and the care of the two-year-old <unk> amp; ed <unk> amp; ed.
 there is no difficulty in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 it was not surprising that the decision has changed her decision because of the experience of the past.
 when motorists were accumulated, we will receive a warning letter to the transport department.
 in the hands of the united states, it is in the hands of the united states, er, that, er, er, eh.
 chairman; the senior adviser of the governor of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, they do not do business to do business.
 consideration should also be given to the changes in the international system over the past decade, in particular the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 in some cases, it would not be said.
 a total of sugar quotas in cuba has been proposed to be abolished in cuba.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 3 children have been released, but the next day was to report back to the gendendendendarmer.
 mr luo was speaking on the modernization of the hong kong sar.
 the more, the more electors have to vote, of course, of course, of course, of course.
 a distance of about 400 kilometres of ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles can be carried out for 13 minutes.
 if his spirit is not enough, it will be possible to take a break.
 this is an obvious administrative officer.
 in december 1963, armed attacks on the turkish cypriot community was a campaign against the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are contacting the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case, " the spokesman said.
 the delegation of china expressed appreciation for the work of the work of the work of this subject.
 no one had to go to him.
 with regard to programmes to eliminate the status of marriage, she asked whether there was no research to identify the causes of the family division.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the members of the commission on innovation and technology and the appointment of special advisers.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 as a result, the importance of better access and access to information has been encouraged to participate in all levels of activities at all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority were made by external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " this accomplishments, as well as the efforts and constant efforts of each of our colleagues in the past. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living and improve their services, parents have to pay certain costs under household income.
 there is, however, further efforts to make further efforts to further disseminate the results of the work of the relevant state authorities.
 those responsible for the implementation of these criminal acts cannot be allowed to support those criminal acts.
 on july 26, this july, he was able to see a security guard with two burglary suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of his practical contact or contact customers.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates in the territory shall be in accordance with the law on the basis of law.
 the member states of the european union have been in line with the direction of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is quite anger, immediately with a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missiles.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakened by japan's performance.
 it is not appropriate for people to save them.
 as a result, the farmer's hard cartage is to be sold.
 in the past year, the fishing industry has been able to catch up six years, but the fishery industry has been mature.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council adopted a multi-ethnic, multicultural, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will implement regulatory functions and standards by the sfc in accordance with the regulatory practices and standards of their licensees.
 the star dust is the first time for the first time.
 we want to see that the university of peace is a truly universal and a truly global mission.
 the population estimates are an important parameters for projections and projections, as well as the planning and research of private and commercial sectors.
 more than 1,000 years ago, he was invited to attend the chinese lunar new year holiday.
 the united states government acknowledged that the diplomatic immunity should be entitled to diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the adjudication fee was paid to the mandatory rule of adjudication.
 in the course of the competition, students had to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, black-performation, network interrupted equipment.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the proposed programme.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention special reference to the use of a company's concealment and a company or a company.
 it is strange to say that the chinese people will avoid avoiding their own name.
 the department of health (dh) had provided health education to family members and to be disinfected to their homes.
 i now turn to the issue of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in post-conflict peace-building.
 the non-governmental organization of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take action on the recommendations of the special rapporteurs recommendations.
 in the wake of the necessary action, we refuse to put the vision for a single area.
 we are watching the process of the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree to the members of the council.
 these include threats to the concept of the concept of the concept of sovereignty, which has been the driving force of technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be seen from the development efforts of the international community.
 a state of emergency in several parts of the lima state was renewed again on 15 december.
 following a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to re-export to other detention places.
 the unique nature of the missile would enable them to carry out a threat to threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and reprisals.
 the government's policy is to adopt an open standard of standard software products as the support of the application system.
 in addition, a total of 106 private child care centres have been maintained at the same time.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but there was no significant change in front lines.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a variety of new interesting games.
 but there are some immediate dangers, but the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 experts from the commission can be able to make new images with the databases of the commissions database (about 15000).
 the estimates for the estimated 10 per cent vacancy rate of the local level.
 it will also reduce the emissions of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will begin in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, there are 100 or more job units in the manufacturing sector, with more than 50 or more.
 in accordance with article 23 of the swan penal code, section 2 of the sweden penal code is lower than applicable to the maximum limits of the offence.
 recently, the general assembly recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282 of the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the world's king of morocco, kingsan ii, was passed away from illness.
 on 14 february, the rwandan government informed the rwandan action mission of rwanda and other 5 suspects.
 of these, 63 were implemented by non-governmental organizations, the rest of the 19.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spains special concerns.
 there will be no such an offence, and it will definitely happen.
 secondly, small and medium enterprises (" smes ") is inadequate.
 <unk> 8 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 more than 2000 pots will be displayed at the hong kong park room for the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will be provided to the entire territory of the entire territory, in particular the degree of reliable, up-to-date information.
 one of the hot spots of the attention is the first time this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is the major trend in respect of human rights in the world.
 it is also known that the tattoy is a very effective way to vomiting, lowering and other diseases.
 15 catholics and international charity organizations, as well as many of his staff, are said to have been summarized in dili.
 he suggested, in particular, that the legislation was amended in 1999 to empower it more investigative rights and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of japan and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote speech in the hong kong trade development council and the french employers associations.
 to take into account the interests of each other, the international community can work together.
 the ministry of finance has submitted a reply to the procedure on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, " he said.
 mr lau also said that, if the application is to apply, i would like to inform it <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found in article 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, it is necessary to start collecting data on their stockpiling and the production of historical records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in tables should be covered by undp from various relevant bodies.
 i remember that some of them were used as " vested people ".
 i believe that many people will not agree to this view, but it would be in principle opposed to the proposed land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract provisions, the question of traffic <unk> transport matters must be agreed with all the forests of the region.
 the angolan armed forces have also taken place in the south-eastern offensive in the south-east of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan, we intend to continue to provide an impact on the problems affecting the labour market.
 in the light of the retroduction of germany's retroduction, they have been able to speed up quickly.
 the court was received from the chinese government of the people's republic of china in 2001, with a view to the chinese government of china.
 such work will be allocated to the division, and needs to be considered and approved by specific circumstances.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on january 6 in order to hold a public order to be held on january 6.
 the private universities also provide relief fees on the basis of the student's economy.
 improvement of our relationship with egypt, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to the common objectives of our region.
 he is extremely strong, and he was very strong, and he was always painful to his heart.
 a number of police officers will be asked to make a record.
 although the results were indicated: those who have been unable to obtain medicines were being obtained by a german company through a german company.
 it welcomes the ratification of ukraine as a treaty on the non-nuclear-weapon states as a treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to be open to the tunnel of the al-qa al- al-q al- al-qa al- al-q al-qa al- al-qa al- al-qa al- al-qa al- al-qa al- al-qa al- al-
 in fact, after the spring festival of this year's spring festival, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from the travel industry council.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places, " he said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out the depreciation of the depreciation of the latter, to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstrations, we can say that we should not relax our spirit.
 the private car immediately put off the scene along tai chung road to tai po road to tai po road.
 although the evidence is clear, they are still being defended and said that they are still being defended.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 however, it is important to note that the performance of the institutions would be unfairly unfair to their respective roles and their own missions.
 i believe that it will also affect the future.
 the political infection of the environment in the environment, which has not been described as " everything ", should be referred to as usual.
 " our immunization system is like the army as the army, as the army is like the army, can be resisted.
 the indifference of citizens and voters are high.
 this resulted in the decline in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and caused salt water from sea to the east.
 i believe this week of this week has demonstrated our resolve to demonstrate our common defeat to this international health.
 i also wish to express my gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general and thank him for his consideration of the report today.
 we need to comply with this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has adopted the reconstruction of democracy in the wake of political instability.
 in the west of the west of the west of the west, it is only a legendary and marks the hearts of people.
 what is known to all of you are very important, and it is an important point that is very important.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there are no other children who had died.
 it's the whole of the whole whole of the whole of our entire continent and to the people of peoples.
 as the new consultant's chairman, i would be able to build up a new tree in the previous ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of punishment, with the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures in recent years was reported in 2000 seizures in the year 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supports the mexican proposal that the relevant bodies of the united nations would be invited to consider the request for additional budget requirements for the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpfa) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry scheme.
 he was then a police vehicle was taken away by a police vehicle in a police vehicle. he was removed from the vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international effort should be carried out by more effective and more substantive ways to protect nature.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also essential to determine the user and the results of the evaluation of the public information.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement was more than that of my short, but i would like to do so.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of other international forums in the fight against terrorism.
 the court of appeal in the united states has been overthrown by the court of appeal to the court of appeal to the court.
 with regard to this point, more than 150000 displaced persons in the equator area, and 150000 displaced in the northern part of katanga province, were not aided.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international groups of international groups were forced to leave the city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses. "
 at best, i can only say that the government can only say that the government is not able to do so.
 the current operating budget for the current operation is a total of 40 per person per year.
 in addition, a 10 per cent payment should be received by the non-us dollar on 31 december, to offset the floating of the exchange rate.
 the premier and mrs. mrs..
 the world trade conference will be convened in seattle, which could be a suitable forum for a forum.
 according to the above-mentioned 1 problem, the clarb recommended that the language, university graduates and professional groups should be set up in the language, university graduates and professional groups.
 it would therefore be unwise for the so-called unanimous expression of the so-called so-called unanimous expressions of expression.
 regular acceptance and processing of satellites and 7 minutes (the 30 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendment may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 as to the specific contents of these ordinances, the hkpa is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports rose to climb up, climbing up to 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the recent example is that he has been built on the construction of the sar's building in shakhaf.
 the contents of the items envisaged for various items envisaged are contained in article 11 of the procurement model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong survey, the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveying, will be presented at the workshop.
 12 juveniles arrested on june 15, 1998 was released on bail on bail on bail.
 this issue has often been reported to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but no progress has been made.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect information on counter-terrorism activities in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how the choice of non-governmental organizations, information and information may be made available to them.
 to safeguard the interests of consumer interests, i would like to raise this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general of the director-general to implement policies, but the host countries should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 there are 15 different kinds of shoes.
 if international treaties have been signed, the legal assistance of the law in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least one of them are able to return to their homes.
 there is no change in the list of states to be punished. direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the honourable tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, it was also found that the construction industry and the transport industry and the industry and the industry.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, there are restrictions on the costs and expenses of the payment of lawyers.
 this is a case that must have a period of duration, and must not be detained for too long to avoid a punishment.
 at the time of the weekend, the local crowds are crowded with their children and children.
 the banks do not want that another thing is that the government has instructed banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries about the programme, please call 2461673; at 2734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can look into a unit for research.
 article 190 to 201 of the georgian code of the georgian code of the georgian penal code contains the procedure for the seizure of assets.
 " we also believe that there is a need to extend to the training and traffic aspects of the case. "
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most grievatory dictatorships in this continent.
 we do not agree in the process of resolving the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why why i would say that they would say that they would say that they will not allow you to join them.
 he was released a few days after he was detained for a few days.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to stop the spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered in the light of the international institutions at the disposal of the international institutions.
 1970-1975 counsellor.
 legal activities in conflict areas should be formulated in the formulation of a code of ethics in conflict areas.
 preconditions should be the subject of fairness, non-discrimination and objectivity.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that the sale of flats will not be available for sale in the residential ownership scheme.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300, while the number of deaths was estimated at 3200000.
 however, i have taken it, because the handling of this problem reflects the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, some leaders of the chinese side said: " the british people can do. "
 more than any other groups, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 it has been reported that exports were imported in the area of polluted food, which will then be exported as a cleaning of food.
 with regard to the choice of children's family members, luxembourg has been retained in the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agree to the need to prevent arms into the country.
 from a short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 think about the number of victims of the victims, i would also like to go to the victims of thousands of victims last year.
 if ni kuang talk about women, ni kuang's edition of taiwan's edition of all copyrights.
 the overall plan focuses on helping girls and women to improve self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirmed that the administration and palau are determined to safeguard the environment and culture of the palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the chinese communists of the chinese communists of the communist party of the communist party had reached the revolutionary riots.
 in addition to the promotion of chicken chickens, it is also indirect to the farms of the farms and farms.
 the advisory committee has requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding that has not been received.
 in this context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the entirety of the iraqi elements.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 the person concerned has lost their fighting.
 the main causes of the unutilized balance was an end to the expansion of the force.
 furthermore, as a member of the international community, we will continue to direct contributions to the palestinians directly by the palestinians.
 activities in the field of remote sensing and practical applications should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of hong kong are entitled to election and election.
 more than 40 enterprises in the services industry amounted to $ 216000 in the period under review, created or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council were involved in drafting the further response to india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we are instructed to the friends of our friends to understand their own inadequate and honest faces.
 the storm was also affected by the storm, with a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, the landscape was closed yesterday.
 following protests, some of the people of the public are emotionally emotional and constantly hit the blockade, and the police were disturbed.
 the establishment of a trade point in the establishment of a trade point is only in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect the civil service, allowing them to discuss the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system, which is more significant than the impact of women.
 (c) the commander of the commander of the commander of the office of the office has been sensitive to the dissemination of information transmitted by the office.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the growth of the world economy and international trade.
 the community development division and the family development division, the department of development division and family support division, has been carried out, national day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the gizmondo global sales vice president of the gizmondo said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be viewed in a fair and equal manner in the same status as the same.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have been achieved in the context of digital and diversity show that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 this is similar to article 122 of the joint declaration.
 he kicked my leg.
 the united states dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july to november, with only a modest increase in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's capacity to participate fully in the capacity of society depends on the economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the issues discussed by the general assembly and the commission reflects clearly the urgent issue of the common concern of all humanity.
 their despair and pain must be concluded.
 " we will strive to preserve all the important elements of our success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the above-mentioned position, the chinese side raised a reasonable solution to this issue.
 of the $ 2000000000, only us$ 1230000000 is used for purchases of humanitarian goods.
 the rent index for the consumer price index (cpi) reflects the changes in the rents of hong kong households.
 the practice of such an approach is to be reappointed to the original security of the original security.
 he believed that the preparatory work in the beijing olympic games will be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues of productive employment at the last session of this year in february of this year.
 the model of the economic measure is that we will face a deep situation in the face of the situation.
 the protection of maternity protection for the protection of maternity protection in 2000 also prohibits pregnant women from eight to 21 weeks.
 the actual facilities of paraguay also has a significant improvement in which river transit corridors become the 2 important transport route to the road transport.
 welcome you.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed that the financial secretary also agreed to show that we would be able to develop.
 for the people concerned, the importance of the general assembly hall, and the art culture of the hong kong special hall.
 in most countries, the elderly population is far greater than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in a 45-year-old man during the morning of this (friday) morning.
 in addition, it is reported that the archives of the national archives were reported on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the " china space technology ".
 they are highly disciplined and acted as the united nations for themselves.
 these recommendations have been the public's public opinion in many years. it is the people's public opinion.
 a police spokesman reiterated that " two are sealed by ordinary letters, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public to contact investigating officers of the missing missing persons on 2733 2333 or 2733 3141.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed of the intention of the secretariat to review the timetable for the conference.
 in the course of the 74-year-old he, the spirit of his spirit is good.
 this incident took place on the way to which we are close to gushka.
 the total number of unemployment is a few times higher.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to be suspended from decisions to be suspended.
 in this century and this millennium, we have seen the great accomplishments of human beings.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about the amendment i proposed, i would like to say a few words about this issue.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilians.
 <unk> 52 <unk> people will have a revolutionary revolution with the revolutionary revolution.
 i think it is important that the chinese government intends to adopt the precise degree of accuracy of the provisions of the basic law.
 acts of infringement may be brought to the court of justice.
 the united nations is a suitable forum for addressing many of the challenges.
 this money provides for the need to meet the growing demand for the food and medicine of the iraqi people.
 notes: chinese charities and chinese temples are set up shortly after the establishment of the chinese temple in 1958.
 it is well known that voluntary contributions and compulsory recruitment are sometimes difficult to distinguish.
 it's the first page of the world's first page on the day.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continues to be high, and it is expected that the inflation rate for the whole year will be almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that many of the voters in the legal profession have been tired of the fact that there were many electors in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree very much to the proposal to reduce some of the technical provisions of the amendment.
 i do not need to repeat them very well.
 a number of recommendations will be submitted to the commission for the 1 session of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on personnel, budget and financial work in the united nations.
 if they are still doing so, they can't be able to buy a joint venture.
 in line with the relevant measures, the department of fire services, the department of fire services, the lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verifications.
 mr. wang ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are not able to ensure security.
 the text of the text is to make a number of political options and rights to the country concerned after an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the police officers, police officers of the commercial crime bureau raided the three rooms of three rooms in which the hotel was raided on march 27.
 they have to receive a continuing professional training, and their registration <unk> authority should be considered renewal.
 members of the education department will be invited to attend a letter from late february each year to take part in the allocation of schools in march.
 the cost of these technical costs.
 i was also said to be a bit hesited with him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3 is even more obvious.
 the minimum age for military service will be able to benefit each of the people of the community.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should discuss the issue of remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the arguments earlier earlier, but i hope that you will be able to respond to the elderly employees.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman agreed to announce the closure of the debate.
 he said: " you are often able to get the darkness of human beings.
 i think that the upper limit should be seen in the light of the situation in the future, and there is no fixed limit.
 the 2 sisters of the sisters have been subjected to starvation of starvation and a storm for a day.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the quality of our service, which is our expectations. "
 a major step in the future is a major step in the future. ah.
 the members of the public are now strongly in favour of a bill of rights to establish these freedom.
 in my view, the government is simply " itself ".
 however, when the delegation departed to new york, it was a source of air security to prevent them from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow.
 his delegation believed that this court should be in line with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should more actively implement the relevant policies.
 the convention on the law of the vienna convention relates to the multilateral covenant and agreements, including the question of reservations of human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democratic democratic system in a market economy.
 it was reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were allegedly robbed by the rwandan soldiers, including five children.
 " we will submit the appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this makes the poor more vulnerable.
 we also think that hong kong's culture of culture is really an ideal city for a stop stop stop. "
 in a number of countries, the transit of the advertifies of the customs and excise department, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 over 95<unk> of the salaries and personal income tax of over 95<unk> of the taxpayers may have been received within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of sadness and careful consideration to japan.
 in the ministry of health, welfare and social development, the ministry of health, welfare and social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the secretary of the administrative committee on administrative issues and the chairman of the organization and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the organization of italy and the department of public information, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 the same is the differences in life expectancy (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the administration and legislation.
 even if there is no room for public transport, most of the street will have no access to work.
 this year may be the same as it may be.
 next, let us take a look at the bush policy of the bush administration in the past.
 in addition, members of the board can observe the investigation of the office of police office.
 when i look back, i would like to listen to my remarks very friendly and laughed.
 despite a good financial impact, the structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its goals.
 right, a bit different.
 if we want the organization of the united nations, we must have the united nations to make the united nations a step before the developments.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the compens of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for carrying out repair works in public housing estates under the ground and will bear the relevant expenditure.
 with the election of the deputy, i believe that this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " there has been a downward trend in the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry.
 the croatian police were also patrolling on walking and vehicle patrols by the croatian police.
 as regards the question of the three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung said that the commission had misunderstanding about the education department.
 the united nations needs to be more support than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the administration will consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you have been consulted, and it is not appropriate to ask questions in question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds " and it would be possible to reduce civil servants.
 in the evening, he will go to washington on the 10-day visit to washington.
 developing countries from developing countries have increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, at 12 september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 as far as she has a shoes to her her shoes her shoes.
 <unk> 152 <unk> in spite of the need to analyse the data and the number of data data, the analysis of the data at the time of the data are less.
 the report points out, however, that although the local market has food and, in particular, the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and recommended that the current 2.7 per cent rate of contribution is retained.
 in the fight against terrorism in the fight against terrorism, the international community should not be a pre-war.
 the administration acknowledges that " national security " is about the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the growth of hong kong's economy has been growing in a surplus of the country.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has stated that the duration of the duration of the committee is not determined.
 over the past 3 years, a large number of documents have proven that, owing to the lack of water supply, the cost of water has been reduced.
 the treaty is confined to the prohibition of nuclear explosions, but not to ban nuclear testing, or produce new weapons systems.
 they replied that they could not be able to receive him.
 as a whole, it is better than that of its part.
 (b) the clp <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; quot; <unk> amp; lp <unk> amp; quot; <unk> amp; lp <unk> amp; 
 the people of the green paper will be misleading.
 in 1993 it became a member of china's appointment in 1993 and became a member of the licensee association.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is to strengthen the capacity of the national promotion and promotion of human rights and the promotion of the promotion of human rights and promotion.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single unification rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be cautiously used as a law of international law.
 at present, the scale of economic cooperation in science and technology is increasing, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 and the western culture of western and western cultures and the museum has also been set up.
 in a sense of rational and sense of speech, he was apprehensible in a sense of compassion and sense of emotion.
 i talk about the response of the crisis in the porn exploitation of pornia.
 but the most fundamental thing is that the angolans have truly committed peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the eu.
 there are few indications of sexual drugs in fiji.
 at the time, such a seminar would be very tired.
 on the other hand, a foreign-interrupted species of brazilians, fushu, pent ropes and rotchro.
 these women are also subject to discrimination on the basis of equal pay.
 (a) the economy over 50 per cent of the countries more than 50 per cent could generally be used in general.
 today, saint lucia has made a female head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations tried to influence a government.
 this fanatic phenomenon is a product of a new single system in other countries.
 recently, there has been a number of people who had not been able to talk about the 1988 direct elections.
 however, with the resumption of the people's restoration of life, there will be a need for a large number of refugee returns to east timor.
 in the capital, a police police officer was bombed by car bombs, causing at least five deaths and 19 others injured.
 for a few months, police have been charged with violations of human rights violations or criminal acts.
 his election highlights the advantages of his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a " people-oriented economy ", the entire trade will not survive.
 the line of every 10-centimetre line shall be provided at a 10-metre-metre-metre-story line to 173 double-story lines.
 to " repeal the word ".
 at the same time, the department is also trained to deal with the hawker.
 in the non-military security of the non-state guarantees, the debtors debtor should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of their duties.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in terms of mutual legal assistance, will fruit.
 however, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress.
 at the same time, an explosion occurred in the vicinity of the site, but there was no casualties.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " conference, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that it would be in the future.
 as mentioned above, no mention was made to the office of the office.
 i accept that the constitutional secretary's argument is that some of the things are not able to do so.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies have to be filled, and the meeting suspended.
 the carpark for visitors will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of customers's investment portfolio continues to remain stable.
 many people have to enjoy the convenience of their carings, but they don't pay a large number of debt debts.
 in mid-july this year, li was sent to japan on behalf of my delegation to japan in the 8 world of japan.
 the 3 least developed countries of the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of part of the development plan of ma wan island.
 under this commitment, france will submit to the secretariat as soon as possible, the details of these two units.
 the chairpersons also stressed that the secretariat needs full participation in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> --
 xiao7 is a well-being, and he was satisfied with ling dang in ling dang.
 mr cheung made a keynote keynote to the occupational safety and health management of hong kong.
 if you want to ask you one thing, we have to look for you.
 a new advantage of hong kong's new airport is that the radar and other technical instruments of the hong kong new airport is the most advanced state.
 despite the limited financial difficulties of financial difficulties, many small amounts can be made available to a large amount of money.
 as for the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the content of the draft articles are too complex and need to be reduced.
 this is not only due to the safeguarding of the rule of law, as we want to safeguard the rule of law, as we want to preserve the international financial centre.
 <unk> 15 <unk> the percentage of resources allocated for the biennium 2002-2003 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states needed to be able to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, this writer is not opposed to the promotion of the grass-roots level.
 it was not until lin was checked at the age of 50 years when he was found to be founded in the age of 18.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed all houses of the village after all houses of the village, destroyed and burned another.
 all these symptoms are urged to consult their doctors in order to diagnose and treatment in order to diagnose and governance.
 child prostitution means such as any other forms of compensation, access to or facilitating the use of children, to engage in sexual activity.
 this is not an achievement.
 at the same time, the year-on-year rate of orders increased further by further, and the year-on-year rate was 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that the debt of the african countries had a serious external debt problem, accounting for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after a multi-sessional debate and for many years, we are now able to return to the beginning.
 the economic and social council has 14 panels of experts on the part of its members to participate in the work of the work of the work of the country.
 in respect of the additional tactical training, the expert unit has been providing in-depth training.
 the whole project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as to replace the south-south cooperation, and should be seen as it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional structure of the traditional family structure is occurring.
 in order to ensure the quality of chinese language textbooks, the government has set up a chinese language textbooks.
 another argument is: " the bank's business would be better to do. "
 they are said to have been wounded.
 while his delegation appreciated the role played by unctad in the field, the panellists only a few interesting issues, without providing solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing those who might want to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, it is essential to look at trade with other priorities in education, health and management.
 however, it is reported that the authorities denied that the person had been transferred to the case, and then no one was missing.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, political parties should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises for the right to development.
 at that time, sunnien has experienced a countless wave of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) held a report to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of history, the vast land in the new territories is only controlled by collective officials.
 we welcome these areas, " he said.
 if the computer is clear, " you don't want to say " you don't want to say, " you don't know it ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq appears to appear to be the sky, whether the authorities or the local people do not have a blame.
 please watch the 4 series of new zealand's new zealand's series of new zealand's trips.
 the commission adopted the provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998.
 in the light of the experimental system, it was recommended that the impact of the impact of abigus and preservation of the above zones.
 the national television television broadcasts a few of the programs of this seminar.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65 years, they have paid employment and income more than the minimum wage, which is not entitled to the pension.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 he is well-established and has always achieved his commitment to the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent agencies to conduct a review of the regulations under the highest standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will find out suitable vacancies and help them employment in the scheme. "
 as china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, this cooperation is expected to have a significant increase in the volume of communications.
 recently, one came from the mainland and the university of hong kong in hong kong in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a checkful role.
 he said that if someone was theft, he would also guarantee the security of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participating in the elections demonstrates the importance of the attention of the provisional self-government.
 it was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 the retention of " taipei's dignity " is now at the door of the new paintings.
 this requirement does not disclose the official official, " said the official said: " it is entirely undensable.
 born in new zealand, new zealand, kratt, new zealand, new zealand, canberra university and university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens were attacked by the two chickens.
 details of the proposal, both english and english, has now put up notices in the vicinity of the project.
 because the dpp has called a new democratic progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a lot of staff choices.
 the claimants provide the export credit guarantee for exporters and the contractor.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed national plans for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends greater attention to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 according to the act of health, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 " no one is aware of how much the cost of the world bank's office in bangkok, " said in bangkok.
 the text of the festival is the zhou-lai's zhou zhou, and liaoning publishing publishing publishers publishing.
 madam president, today, today, today, today's secretary is the " food ". we should not stop him.
 at the same time, i might say that some of the more things may be open.
 the annex contains the comments of the government of japan to the statute of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance of the performance, the audience received a very enthusiastic response to members and staff.
 i can also give some examples to some examples, and some complaints said that some of the chronically chronic diseases have been refused to refuse.
 the approved plan will be amended to reflect the latest development proposals in the kowloon hang.
 in fact, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting its support to ensure that there was a greater proportion of gender issues in 2001.
 she has the highest morality and enjoy all civil rights rights.
 all relevant departments will be involved in a variety of activities involved, from prevention, prosecutions and trafficking in rehousing victims.
 with regard to this obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some cases the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in the case of ordinary cases, 100 fighters can be able to use some 15000 per hour of small arms ammunition.
 2, reducing the situation in the situation.
 above all, we should act on the economic and other activities affecting the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded his daughters daughter.
 in addition, there is no cash for the current peace-keeping fund.
 my delegation also thanks to the under-secretary-general fore and the special representative of the secretary-general for his briefing to us this morning.
 the decline in the attractiveness of the developing countries is likely to provoke financial instability.
 international seminar on international seminars was held on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 since the transaction involves the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of countries that have been achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has resulted in the suffering of children and orphans; the increase in the conflict has increased more than their suffering.
 in january of this year, mr. sergio de mello was proposed to strengthen the efficiency of the civilian police and the efficiency of civilian police.
 our assessment is that conditions of return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 the young population accounted for 19 per cent of the population of africa, based on current growth rates in africa.
 at the same time, the situation in hong kong, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea, korea and india.
 one typical of the typical consumers in the united states have spent 1000 hours to see more than 150000 advertisements.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a question of worthy of the issue.
 the office of internal oversight services urged the ministry of disarmament to assist the new political will of member states to make financial commitments.
 it is absolutely not necessary for our financial position to do much better than that in britain.
 the last week of laden's image was last 2004, but his his delegation had been frequent " face ".
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on waste reduction in the waste reduction programme (the government of the government) and chaired by mr tam.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 hu nai-ming, who was the first day of the performance of national music, was published by the national music group.
 the gross surplus of the business services industry accounted for 17.2<unk>, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are in the dominant position in society and children need care.
 the bosnian serb forces were on the escalation of military attacks on the civilian population.
 a spokesman for the department said that during a two-week survey period of a two-week survey period, the overall response rate was 90<unk>.
 the chickens have been tested and tested in the wake of the delivery of the chickens, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat would like the executive board to continue to provide guidance on the matter.
 the demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized is about 240 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in the family service is for girls.
 thus, a number of measures have been developed to ensure the needs of the female prisoners.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 crux of the taiwan's son, liu ming-ming, is also because of the war to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect the north china south china south china.
 the present section reviewed the reasons for the right to food by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle of the new year's hands-in-law, through the hands of the colonial group.
 the criminal law and criminal procedure have been amended to strengthen the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions for any person engaged in weapons would be able to promote compliance with the procedures for the purpose of authorization.
 the government has also started a series of activities to consolidate confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces is too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet was presented to the guest.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs anson chan, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, general, general, mr. abdh, was the forces of general and taliban in the north-west of abdh, the taliban in the north-west of pakistan.
 the volume of data in computer systems is also very easy, and also triggered as well as some other major issues.
 this document will be included in the asean regional forums, stating that significant developments in the security situation in the region and their understanding of them.
 every day, the soldiers said that on the same day, the soldiers said that the goods will be returned.
 " the longer the mpf system is to implement the mandatory provident fund system, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicle came from the united nations assistance mission to rwanda, which is not cost-effective.
 on the contrary, they often tend to be the people of the people such as the enemy, and therefore the people's right to work.
 the railway system is an important part of the better transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i feel that this will be sorry me.
 through this election, china is fully able to ensure that hong kong is an asset class system.
 even though the author has stated that it was intended to use this procedure, they did not use them.
 as a result, our strategy is not to follow others, but rather than that other people cannot go to new areas. "
 a review of the results will be issued in july.
 in the face of the 1940s, johnson's works are now over half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great deal of doubt that the bill will be implemented within this transitional period.
 after arriving at los angeles in los angeles, sha tsui was arrested on march 3.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, introduced the economic outlook for 2003 and future economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, especially natural gas production and processing.
 some experts indicated that statistics indicate that the statistics have not been able to achieve the scope of the problem.
 as a result, we must choose different types of bricks in different types of different types.
 since 1978, china's implementation of china's economy and economic reforms have long been chaosed.
 the bishke group has been established in the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the basic foundation has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people to have a very negative impact on health, " he said.
 part of the results are described as follows: in addition to religious research, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 the total revenue of a total revenue of $ 112025, which was $ 825000, is almost 27<unk> over the last year.
 these provisions should be discussed with the chinese side.
 non-military items carried out by historical cost in other currencies have been replaced by the united nations operational rate for other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental approach to the promotion of international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have been 2<unk> in hong kong's best service institutions. "
 after the incident, i am aware that the doctor's doctor's friend also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " we need to revise the plans to reflect the latest land use proposals in the north-east of lantau, " the spokesman said.
 this forces negotiations on negotiations in that stage.
 to that end, member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time, full-time and unconditional payment.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in half a century, human beings live in fear that mankind live in fear.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these problems, the cabinet of cabinet, headed by the prime minister.
 the longer it is ready to take place in the period 2003-04, and the longer the time will be done.
 there are no other groups such as individual groups.
 the seriousness of the act is similar to the common article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. to apply a summary of the important accounting policy of these financial statements, as stated in the financial statements.
 in the south-eastern part of yunxi, there will be heavy rains in the south-eastern part of guangxi.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros, i would like to extend to the families of the government of the government of the government of israel.
 undp has not yet done any further plan to trust undp's structure to trust undp.
 in 2000, the bureau of 2000 comprised the vice-presidents of the vice-president of the vice-president of the secretary-general.
 ohchr will promote the right to development at the centre of the right to development, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council has an average of about 70 examinations which can be accommodated for some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped, the victim entered the employer and revealed the incident.
 the administration has announced today the state of china.
 for example, in 3 phases of the pesticides are already purchased.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
